A long time ago, the user Sungus asked me in a private message to take the Politiscales test (a French test to determine one's political ideology).

Then, after provoking me repeatedly in the French general chat of the server, I posted in a spoiler the image I had sent him earlier because he was getting on my nerves. After that, I logged off and went to sleep.

The next day (yesterday - December 13), he was talking about the "Politest" (yet another political test) with Corvus. Corvus took this test after Sungus shared his own results and posted them in the chat. So, I did the same because, for me, if the second most active member of the server could do it without being punished, I could do it too. So, I posted my result. Then Titus said, "Omg, you're a member of <far-left political party>," and I replied that "Sung is a member of <far-right political party>" because it was true.

Then Sung came in and pointed out that I hadn’t used the correct name (FN instead of RN), saying the old name was (supposedly) worse than the new one. So I explained to him that just because a name changes doesn’t mean the substance changes too, and I gave him an example. Then I went to bed.

Today, when I got up, I saw that Titus had asked me what the FN was and if it was the party of <far-right politician>. I told him no and explained which party that politician belonged to. Since the name of his party contained a vulgar French version of the word "idiot" ("con"), I highlighted that part. Sung arrived and got upset, launching into a debate (while I was offline).

Then Mnemox joined the conversation and countered Sungus's arguments, showing that Sungus’s party was openly fascist even though Sungus was convinced it wasn’t. Sungus then tried to shift the debate toward leftist politics, but Mnemox blocked him, which made Sung rage and disconnect.

Meanwhile, my poll ended—a poll I had set up a day or two ago to ask who had been pinged or not because I had pinged quite a few people while reading and replying to messages. The poll was purely for fun and humor, as some people had been pinged multiple times.

Finally, about 30 minutes ago, I received a message from Zeppelin informing me that I had been banned for "sending quizzes on which political party you belong to," even though I never took or shared a quiz.


Sorry for my English, I’m pretty good at it, but not good enough to write long paragraphs like these, so I had to use a translator.
